Active Directory Lateral Movement
So far, we located high-value targets
that could lead to a full
Active Directory compromise
and found the workstations or
servers these targets are logged in to.
Next, we will use lateral movement
to compromise the machines
our high-value targets are logged in to.
We could attempt to crack any password
hashes we found and authenticate
to a machine with cleartext passwords
to gain unauthorized access.
However, password cracking
takes time and may fail.
In addition, Kerberos and NTLM do not use
the cleartext password directly.
Native tools from Microsoft
also do not support authentication
using the password hash.
For those reasons, we will look at an
alternative lateral movement technique
that will allow us to
authenticate to a system
and gain code execution using only a
user’s hash or a Kerberos ticket.